when you started this course 80 something lectures ago,
you might have never seen the no documentation before.
But at this point,
after building a rest ful AP,
I building a Web client front end building a command line application,
adding testing and debugging to your application,
adding performance optimization to your application and then exploring the rest of the
modules available in the no documentation.
These docks should seem highly familiar to you.
If you started this lecture,
Siri's with imposter syndrome that should be gone.
You are one of very few DNO developers who are at least familiar,
if not deeply experienced.
In the full node,
a p I.
I'd encourage you to take a moment to visit the no Js documentation and read through it,
or at least skim it.
And as I mentioned,
you will be very familiar with each one of these sections.
We just pick a few at random.
You've already written tests using the Assertion Testing Library.
You've already created hashes using crypto you've already created and bound to your own
custom events.
You have used performance hooks you've created see allies using the breed line.
You've used timers,
you've used SSL.
You've used everything here or at least become familiar with it and why you wouldn't want
to use it.
I want to thank you for coming along with me on this journey through No Js.
I hope it's been a worthwhile experience for you.
If you have a moment to write a review and leave it on the course website,
that would be highly appreciated and two other points.
One.
The code base on Get Hub is open to pull requests.
If there's something that you think should be changed if there's a typo that you found,
if I misused a function or anything else that you would like to see change,
go ahead and submit a pull request to our get up.
If you've hit any issues during this course,
you can contact me through the course website or send an email toe Hello at purple dot com
.
That's P i r p.
L e dot com.
You can also open up issues on or get hub,
and I'll see them there.
Thank you again for coming along on this journey.
And if you subscribe to updates from the course website all be sure to let you know if we
put out a new version of this course any time we update this course,
I do have plans to update it as soon as the next long term stable LTs release of note comes
out.
And if you subscribe to updates,
you'll be the first to know about it if you need anything else.
In the meantime,
don't be shy.
Go ahead and reach out to me again.
It's hello at purple dot com.
Thank you.